I have a toothache oh that's cosmos
Peter are doing a good baby yes I need
to see as soon as possible events okay
and I know about our good endings that
one that one is near from here let's go
okay
and good morning hello hello miss and
without an emergency come to me
come in
yes and we have an emergency my friend
pass an emergency
yes my friend needs an appointment with
the dentist yes if I can change anything
hace meses are you celebrating ok ok
could you be here to next week
cute oh my god no and this is right now
it's impossible
okay please check again I'm
I mean II slavery time
and and
our local card also
these photos of me start off dr. disco
site here a canoe
ok
good morning please take a seat please
would be miss Cardozo tell me st. amour
you today terrible I friend fever all
night oh he's really really turning so
lemme check system please Anna my please
okay let me check please open your mom
sorry okay haha take out your teeth it's
okay yes okay please I'm gonna take
these two right now yes don't worry I'm
professional
don't worry open your phone oh do you
okay don't worry you will be better
please
don't worry okay in this moment I have
to worry on the nebula risk region with
these wedding you will
that's it okay